I think everybody in the world can agree
that no one deserves our support and
thanks right now more than the medical
workers who are putting their lives on
the line for ours and I want to
introduce you to a person we heard about
this week she's a nurse from st. George
Utah and her name is Kimble Fairbanks
hello Kimble how are you oh yeah I'm
good how are you doing tell us what
happened so people understand the
situation that you're in right now well
a little bit earlier this week I found
out that I tested positive for coffee 19
so I've had to be furloughed from work
and away from my family for two weeks
you have two children I do I have a
four-year-old and an 18 month old both
little girls and so you can't be with
them and obviously you can't go to work
right now did you contract this you
think from one of the patients at the
hospital
it's hard to say you know we have a lot
of people come in right now and lots of
people that are testing positive so yeah
how long have you you been a nurse I've
been a nurse for two years and what area
of Nursing do you specialize in
I specialize on a cardiovascular floor
so we do a lot of open-heart surgeries
and a lot of things pertaining to the
heart as of right now though we're just
mainly focusing on kovat patients and
prepping for all that fun stuff
now you posted something on Facebook
recently and tell us what happened here
there is a an x-ray here is this your
your son that's my daughter Oh your
daughter okay she you know it was like a
mom of the Year moment she may or may
not have swallowed a magnetic marble
luckily there was only one but she did
this was a few weeks before I tested
positive and you know you had to wait
and see if it would pass or they might
have to go get it certainly so it was
definitely the grossest thing that I've
ever done
as a mom and a nurse I had to monitor
all of that and marvel did eventually
come out and she was very thrilled so in
the middle of taking care of everyone
else when did you start to feel sick
probably two three days after my shift
last Tuesday yeah uh-huh and how are you
feeling I mean how how bad has it been I
know there that's that the symptoms vary
you look great by the way our how are
you feeling on the inside you know I
kind of felt like I got hit by a trade
but I think I just have really bad
symptoms you know feel like a head cold
combined with the flu but overall
something that it's pretty it feels
decently manageable so that's good that
is good we wanted to cheer you up a
little bit so I'd like you to meet
somebody
her name is Jennifer Jennifer if you're
joining us here please say hello to
Kimball I just have to say god bless you
and all of you that are out there doing
what you're doing I just you I don't
even know how to express my gratitude to
everything that you guys are doing and
putting your putting your health at risk
and all of that you're just phenomenal
phenomenal thank you I really appreciate
that are you feeling better as I'm
getting I mean what does today feel like
today feels better I woke up and decided
today I'm not gonna be sick any longer
so I felt really better oh good for you
that's a good way to approach it
I also like about you Jen I don't know
if you you could see because we had you
hidden but how much more excited Kimball
was to see you than she was to see me
[Laughter]
that's not why
so Kimball what do you like are you
cooking for yourself how are you what
are you doing
I wish that I could cook for myself but
mainly I've just been having food
delivered to me oh that's good because
you know what what I would Jimmy cooked
up is is that we're gonna you're going
to be getting a $10,000 gift certificate
from post mates yes repost mates but you
have to use one shot one yes you get one
delivery no you will get as many
deliveries as as you like of course and
on top of that first mates has
generously offered to give gift cards to
all the nurses on your floor there so
that they can order to when they on the
rare occasion that they get to go home
and rest so thank you to post mates for
doing that and now when they get back
you will go back to work when will you
go back to work soon do you think I
think I could go back to work on the 8th
so I'm I'm ready very good where do you
get to see your your kids whoa the 8 as
well oh boy so you sued the moment you
get to see your kids again you're gonna
have to go back to work probably yeah
well I on behalf of all of us I think
Jen said it very well we are very very
grateful to what you and all these
health care workers are doing it is it's
so far and above and beyond it it really
is unbelievable
thank you so much Kimball for this and
we really hope you feel better very soon
thank you guys so much Jen painted Jen
painted a picture for you too
[Laughter]
I'll hear it easily it's beautiful Thank
you Thank You Kimball and please thank
at each and every one of the people you
work with you doctors nurses respiratory
therapists everyone who was there at the
hospital we appreciate everything you
guys are doing so thanks again and take
care I hope you feel better very very
soon okay thank you guys so much thank
you thanks to Jennifer Aniston thank you
very much
all right thanks again Kimball Jen